Hardsoft Homework - must be done in your ~/hardsoft 
directory in a file called main.cc.

Due on Friday 9/18/15

You will create a program that will estimate the 
hardness or softness of a sentence.

1. Along with the rest of the magic, put the following 
line at the top of your file: #include <cctype>

2. In an infinite loop, do the following steps:

3. Print "Please enter a sentence: " to cout.

4. Input a sentence from the user into a string 
variable named "input" (don't write the quotes). Use 
getline(cin,input) to read into input until a newline 
is entered. 

5. After you've input the string, capitalize it using 
the following code:
	for (char &ch : input)
		ch = toupper(ch);

6. If the input string is "QUIT", then break out of the infinite loop. Also break out of the infinite loop if cin becomes invalid.

7. Output the hardness or softness of the sentence. 
Search the sentence for words like "PLEASE" or "THANK 
YOU" (search for the terms in all caps since we've 
upper-cased the input string) and subtract one point 
for each soft (polite) word used. Add one point for 
each hard word (like "DEMAND" "NOW" or an exclamation 
mark). Use the string .find() function to find 
matches. It will equal "npos" (-1) if it is not found.

8. The default hardness is 0. The maximum hardness is 
+10, the minimum hardness is -10. Clamp the values to 
this range, and then output it.

Go back up to 2.

Here is the official list of hard words:
Now 
Immediately
This instant
!
Must
Demand

Extra Credit:
Hey, <insult> (for a long list of possible insults)
If the input string is all caps to begin with

Here is the official list of soft words:
Please
Thank You
Por Favor
Excuse Me
Excuse Moi
Uh
...
Can
Would
? 
May
Could

Extra Credit:
Saying any of the soft terms multiple times should reduce the hardness by 1 every time they appear. (Please please please is softer than just one please.)

You are free to do this in a foreign language, and 
come up with as many hard or soft words as you can 
think of. Include another file called 
"vocabulary_list" in which you write down the terms 
you're using for hard and soft.
